---
title: Lesson 2
layout: post
author: thomas.ellis
permalink: /lesson-2/
source-id: 1c7IrkyHcwaygOhQjbWBkqFMMGhWmqwSVNWiKIqnaopQ
published: true
---
At the start of the lesson we (in pairs) marked each others advert homework and gave it a grade, either unsatisfactory, satisfactory, good or outstanding. I was with Henry and I gave his work a good 

After that we played a little game. We were told a statement and we either had to agree or disagree with it. One side of the room was 'agree' and the other side was ‘disagree’. The further to the wall you were was the more you were agreeing or disagreeing to the statement. There was also a neutral option which was right in the middle. Lots of the statements were involved with technology and it was interesting to see how much difference there was within the class.

Finally we looked at an advert. This advert was for pepsi max. We watched it through and then the second time we talked about the reality and fantasy in the advert. The reality was that there was no sugar in the drink which was the point they were trying to get across. But the fantasy was that there was a chimpanzee driving the car. Not only that but it was driving at great speed and managing to dodge all the cars at the same time! The message that was trying to be sent was that there was no sugar in the drink therefore everything was fine and everything was normal, which it wasn't.

The advert I answered the questions for was a television advert, John Lewis's 'man on the moon’. 

