---
title: Lesson 3
layout: post
author: thomas.ellis
permalink: /lesson-3/
source-id: 1V72boI81L2Zn3MN6QvLKxQOwcu3jGpPArRhGDDSs4yY
published: true
---
Lesson 3- Social Media

At the start of the lesson we marked each others homework with the same grades as last week. Again I worked with Henry and I gave him a good again, however it was a high good, close to excellent. He also gave my work a good. 

After that we came back to the front. We talked about the advantages and disadvantages of social media in general. Many of the advantages consisted of things like: arranging 'meet-ups', business work, the fact it’s free and even dating sites! But there were also disadvantages like: cyberbullying, stalking, flaming, trolling and so on…

Additionally we talked a bit about how we have to keep safe on the internet and how we need to make sure we don't give too much of our private information away out on the internet for people to see. Also we said how before you post something think, would you be happy to show this to your parents, to your headmaster and/or even in public? That’s where it linked into the activity we did next…

For the activity we were told to get in groups of five, I was with: Charlie, Henry, Karun and Sonny. Each group was handed about ten sheets of paper with different statements on them. They had things from 'taking a funny picture of your cat', to ‘posting your phone number online’. We had the task of ordering them from the ones that were fine to the ones that were bad and/or could cause problems. After we each laid out our line we went round other groups and looked for the changes and similarities in what the other groups thought! Pretty much all of the groups were virtually similar and had the same idea of what is fine and what you don't want to put online!

