---
title: Lesson 5
layout: post
author: thomas.ellis
permalink: /lesson-5/
source-id: 1IemSLf0ao0QY0LBhHszMbityT0X23kRYpp0EFaBI6Z0
published: true
---
**Lesson 5- Identity Maps**

 At the start of the lesson we sat down in register order and got out our finished identity maps (which was set for homework over half term). We were told that we were going to go round the classroom and try to get a comment down on everyone's piece of work. I found it quite fun making my own identity map and I was proud of it! We moved to the right every time we had read and made a comment on someone's work and waited to go to the next identity map. When our teacher told us to sit back down again we had almost done everyone's and there were only about 6 left to do (out of 30). 

 Then we read the comments we had been given. It felt interesting to comment on others so I was interested on what people thought about mine. I enjoyed this process and I think it was a good idea to leave the comments anonymous. Because if you thought the work was bad and you gave a critical comment and the person knew who it was they might be a bit annoyed. I also enjoyed this process as it was done offline and you see the person. When you are actually near the person I think people would put nicer comments because online they might not care as much because they are not face-to-face.

 After reading the comments we came together. We were asked about the comments we got back and we were asked if we were surprised by any of them. Although I was proud of my work I was still surprised to see so many positive comments and that made me feel great!

 At the end of the lesson we were given our grades. I got a B. If you got a C or a D you had to improve it but if you got an A or a B you didn't. However, I still want to improve mine to get an A as I should've added more about my future aspirations! The homework was to send a picture of your improved work- if you did improve it- onto an assignment on classroom (even if you did not improve it you still have to send a picture). The second part of the homework was to write a blog of what we did in the lesson (this!) including answers to the questions on another assignment on classroom.

I think the lessons we have had on social media have affected how I use social media now and it has made me more cautious and careful about, for example, who I accept on instagram and what I post and comment on social media in general. Also the lessons have made me weary of the things I will post in the future too!

