---
title: Lesson 7
layout: post
author: thomas.ellis
permalink: /lesson-7/
source-id: 1zYSA0IQH_EEaYFt9iiy7xNCVPDQWkB9yaYu1XLpgsAc
published: true
---
Lesson 7- PREZI

Last week we went to The Crystal in London therefore we didn't have an IT lesson, so this would actually be week 8 but I’m going to keep it in order!

At the start of the lesson, as usual, we checked if the homework had been done but from 2 weeks ago because of the trip. Three people hadn't added a link to their site so they did that in lunch.

Then we had a look at this site called [https://prezi.com/](https://prezi.com/). Before we had a look at the site we talked about the meaning of the word presentation. We agreed that we thought it was something where people talk about a chosen subject. After that we discussed what a bad and a good presentation is. We discussed how a bad presentation is- if you are using google slides for example- if you read the words off the board. Or if you read the words of a sheet of the paper and don't face the audience. It's also very boring to talk in the same tone of voice. Then we talked about the good way of presenting. We thought that it was good to use mainly expression, eye-contact and extra detail that might not be written down where the audience can see on the board.

Eventually, we started looking at the actual prezi site. He showed what different documents he had made. We saw that basically prezi is an exciting way of presenting different things and that it has lots of different features. A better version of slides; I think.

Finally, at the very end of the lesson we got 5 mins to mess around with prezi and try out all it's features. We were allowed to stay ten minutes into lunch before we left the lesson. Thanks for reading my blog this week! 

P.S. I probably won't be blogging next week as we finish on thursday!

